The most painful goodbye's are the ones that are never said and never explained.
The emptiness you feel without someone you loved is proof that you had a love worth missing.
Sometimes the only way to heal the pain is to feel it.
Before I give up on somebody, I try, I try and I try until there's nothing left to try for.
We weep for the blood of a bird, but not for a fish. Blessed are those with a voice.
It's better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
The pain of a goodbye is the price of love.
Don't waste your time watering dead plants.
The hardest thing to do is to watch the one you love, love someone else.
The greatest tragedy in life is not death, but a life without a purpose.
Sometimes the most beautiful people are beautifully broken.
You either die a hero or see yourself live long enough to become a villian.
A hero will sacrifice a few to save the world. A villian will sacrifice the world to save a few.
Everyone will always just believe they are the hero of their story.
The person you are right now, is the person you would have felt safe with as a kid.
A jack of all trades is a master of none, but often times better than a master of one.
The first question is always, the hardest to ask.
Sometimes the person you'd take a bullet for is the person behind the trigger.
We all carry a weight within us that we cannot escape, but it is only in embracing that weight that we can truly begin to live.
If you don't have any enemies, it means that you remained silent at the occasions where speaking was crucial.
You could be perfect in every way, just not for them.
You say that you love the sun, but you find a shadow spot when the sun shines. You say that you love the wind, but you close your windows when wind blows. That is why I am afraid you say that you love me too.
Beware that, when fighting monsters, you yourself do not become a monster. For when you gaze long into the abyss. The abyss gazes into you.
People fall in love only once for real, after that they just try to find 'them' in every person they meet.
Everything repeats over and over again. No one learns anything, because no one lives long enough to see the pattern.
How did it get so late? Where did the day go? As surely as it rises, the sun also has to set. Even the best day in the world has to end. Never to be repeated.
You should be afraid of the fact that you might not end up liking the thing you have always desired.
I don't think you ever really get over the loss of someone you love, you just learn to live with it.
They're a moth, and you're the sun. They'll settle for a street light, while you deserve to be with the stars.